Add llamav2 fp8 inference (#542)
huggingface/optimum-habana: examples/text-generation/README.md

```

`--bucket_size` option is especially useful when processing an input stream with varying lengths, that is when you have something like `--dataset_name squad --column_name context --max_input_tokens -1`. `--max_input_tokens -1` specifies no truncation of input prompt in the dataset.

### Running with FP8

> llama-7b in FP8 is enabled using these instructions to enable FP8 in synapse:https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/Inference_on_PyTorch/Inference_Using_FP8.html
> use --kv_cache_fp8 to run with kv cache allocated in fp8

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To use Llama2-7b in FP8, use these instructions to enable FP8 in SynapseAI: https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/Inference_on_PyTorch/Inference_Using_FP8.html
Add the `--kv_cache_fp8` argument to run the model with a KV cache allocated in fp8.
```

Author: with your suggestion, it seems like they need to do the instructions to enable fp8.
but we already done that.. they only need to run with the flag..

will fix this - 
Add the `--kv_cache_fp8` argument to run the model with a KV cache allocated in fp8.

Reviewer: I'm still not convinced by the phrasing here. It makes it sound like the user should visit the Gaudi doc to make it work, which is not the case. We should rather have something like: "More information here: [link]".
Also, I would add that `--enable quantization` enables to run matrix multiplications in fp8.

Author: fixed.

```

`--bucket_size` option is especially useful when processing an input stream with varying lengths, that is when you have something like `--dataset_name squad --column_name context --max_input_tokens -1`. `--max_input_tokens -1` specifies no truncation of input prompt in the dataset.

### Running with FP8

> llama-7b in FP8 is enabled. use --enable_synapse_quantization to enable synapse quantization in fp8.
> Add the `--kv_cache_fp8` argument to run the model with a KV cache allocated in fp8.
> More information on enabling fp8 in Synapse is here:
> https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/Inference_on_PyTorch/Inference_Using_FP8.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Llama2-7b in FP8 is enabled. Use `--enable_synapse_quantization` to enable quantization in fp8.
Add the `--kv_cache_fp8` argument to run the model with a KV cache allocated in fp8.
More information on enabling fp8 in SynapseAI is available here:
https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/Inference_on_PyTorch/Inference_Using_FP8.html
```

```

`--bucket_size` option is especially useful when processing an input stream with varying lengths, that is when you have something like `--dataset_name squad --column_name context --max_input_tokens -1`. `--max_input_tokens -1` specifies no truncation of input prompt in the dataset.

### Running with FP8

Llama2-7b in FP8 is enabled. Use `--enable_synapse_quantization` to enable quantization in fp8.
Add the `--kv_cache_fp8` argument to run the model with a KV cache allocated in fp8.
More information on enabling fp8 in SynapseAI is available here:
https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/Inference_on_PyTorch/Inference_Using_FP8.html

Here is an example:
```bash

> UPDATE_MME_OUTPUT_PRECISION_FILTER="v_proj,matmul_av" USE_DEFAULT_QUANT_PARAM=true UPDATE_GRAPH_OUTPUT_MME=false ENABLE_CALC_DYNAMIC_RANGE=false ENABLE_EXPERIMENTAL_FLAGS=true

Reviewer 2: let's talk about it. do not merge with this yet.
